# Account Login Microservice
This microservice allows the user to log in. It validates the user’s identification and security credentials, and ensures the account is valid based on a set of business rules.

The microservice API accepts an encrypted data object consisting of user credentials and account information. It queries the enterprise Identity and Access Management (IAM) solutions to validate the user credentials. It retrieves the user authentication token and account identifier.

Using the account identifier it retrieves the account history from the cloud-based CRM solution provider.

The rules are persisted in the in-memory storage of the microservice. It applies these rules to determine the account standing. If all validations pass, the service generates three tokens:

User token that has a Time To Live (TTL) of the receive order transaction
Transaction token that expires once the entire order delivery transaction is complete
Service token that is leveraged by the MSA framework to monitor and audit the transaction. On completion the service also generates a login success or failure event.
This service is leveraged by other business activity owners for their respective business processes.

# Receive Order Microservice
This service is primarily focused on receiving and processing the order. It is triggered by the successful login event, and waits for the order list data object from the customer.

Upon receiving the order list data object, it parses, categorizes, and validates all the items on the list based on the business rules.

It tags this order with the user token and transaction token generated by the previous services and generates the following:

# Order success (or failure) event
Service token that is leveraged by the MSA framework to monitor and audit the transaction
Data object that includes the items list and other procurement/processing instructions
Propagates the user token and transaction token
Provide Estimate Microservice
The RG business model is a no-inventory model, hence the price of goods is dependent on the current market price for those goods. Therefore, RG provides an estimate range. This service periodically queries RG’s registered grocers for the current price list. It caches this information and is able to build and provide the estimate of prices for the item list published by the receive order microservice.

This microservice tags the estimates with the user token and transaction token generated by the previous services and generates the following:

# Estimate available event
Service token that is leveraged by the MSA framework to monitor and audit the transaction
Data object that includes the prices for the items list with additional metadata
Propagates the user token and transaction token
Confirm Order Microservice
This microservice completes the order process and triggers the supply chain procure grocery sub-process. It sends a confirmation to the customer of order completion, with a confirmation ID and instruction on delivery collection of the order.

It tags the order complete event with the user token and transaction token generated by the previous services and generates the following:

# Order complete event
Service token that is leveraged by the MSA framework to monitor and audit the transaction
Data object that includes the final items list with additional metadata
Propagates the user token and transaction token
